#Welcome to the code directory of our Cluster Eclipsing Binaries repository.#

This directory features several sub-directories that contain code for various aspects of our project. These are listed below along with instructions for how to best implement the software. Please note that requisite data files may not be included in the GitHub repository, but are available for download via Box.

* **clusterCompile**: This directory contains the python scripts/jupyter-notebooks used to compile and standardize our OC and GC data. Now that we have our O/GCDataEBLSST csv files, this code is generally no longer needed to be run. Raw cluster data files and our different source files can be downloaded [here](https://northwestern.box.com/s/6iq63teq6uwrwasmclubt1tsp4f8cquf). 
* **clusterMass**: This directory is for the purpose of estimateing summed and average masses for both Open and Globular clusters. The data files, which include various cluster parameters, reside in the 'data' subdirectory. In order to produce these numbers and print them to the screen run 'clusterMass' via python command line. 
* **whiteDwarfs**: This directory contains the requisite python scripts for our white dwarf analysis. It should be noted that the white dwarf histogram csv files produced by these versions of the analyceCluster scripts reside in this as well as the **flex** directory. In addition, corner plotting scripts for each observing scenario can be found in this directory
* **mollweides**: This directory contains code as well as data files for producing the mollweide projection plots included both in our thesis and poster. The csv files needed are both for individual cluster data as well as *OpSim* field observation data. These are located in the **clusters** directory as well as the **data** directory (available for download [here](https://northwestern.box.com/s/ed31vf5bswf6e84669qdk625gjk6k0jw)). The class fieldOverlap can be run to check for the number of clusters with multiple overlaps of *OpSim* fields. This can be run for fields with and without observations. In addition, the mollweide_creator script can be run to produce *OpSim* mollweide plots for several observing strategies. Simply comment out the function calls and run from the command line. In addition, the MySQL database files for the *OpSim* observing strategy are available for download at [this link](https://northwestern.box.com/s/ed31vf5bswf6e84669qdk625gjk6k0jw).
* **flex**: This directory contains the analyseCluster python scripts described in Appendix B of [the thesis](https://northwestern.box.com/s/grc92s1vm7qd80jffmnl5guppltlyemt). Of the two scripts, analyseClusterLISA is more flexible in that it includes selection of LSST-LISA candidate white dwarf binaries. On the other hand, the *analyseCluster* script will select binaries that contain *at least* (though not necessarily 2) white dwarf stars. The white dwarfs are selected based on their log(g) values (log-g > 7.0), where g is the acceleration due to gravity. In order to run the analyseClusterLISA script for each observing scenario, run the **lisaRunAnalyse** script which loops through the directory and generates an analyseClusterLISA object for each observing scenario (GC/OC, *baseline*/*colossus*, crowding/no-crowding). These scripts output plots to the working directory '/plots/analyse_plots' folder and histogram csv files to the data directory in each observing scenario sub-directory. In addition, the corner_plotter pythons script also loops through observing scenarios to produce corner plots (located in the 'plots' sub-directory). If needed, requisite data files are available for download from [this box folder](https://northwestern.box.com/s/wb4cyw9ihne1lffkov4r988l0dk92lvl).



